Add DCO and update CONTRIBUTING.md (#82105)
ansible/ansible: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to Contribute

The Ansible project is [GPL-3.0 licensed](COPYING) and accepts contributions through
GitHub pull requests.

## Certificate of Origin

> By contributing to this project you agree to the Developer Certificate of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By contributing to ansible-core, you agree to the Developer Certificate of
```
